when cooking open the stove lid before
turning the gas on at the bottle always
use the range hood when cooking this
needs to be turned on at the main
switchboard make sure the main gas valve
underneath the sink is switched on then
turn on the igniter at the main
switchboard push and hold down the
igniter button at the stove and push and
turn the hot plate dial to maximum when
the hot plate ignites continue to push
the dial for about 10 to 15 seconds then
release the dial and turn off the
igniter at the main switchboard when
cooking is finished allow time for the
stove to cool before returning the stove
lid back to its original position make
sure the stove lid is down and the gas
has been turned off at the bottle before
traveling
to convert the dinette into a double bed
firstly disconnect the table by pushing
the release buttons and squeeze the
table leg and fold it underneath lift
the table and place it between the seats
and then place the two cushions on the
tabletop pull out both extensions from
below the dinette seats retrieve the
dinette extension cushion from the over
cab bed and insert between the
extensions this completes the conversion
of the dinette bed to gain access to the
over cab bed always clip the ladder
provided into the ledge for safe access
ensure the ladder is secure the safety
net is located under the mattress and
can be connected by clips onto the roof
to secure children while sleeping the
safety net also prevents luggage stored
in this area from falling out during
travel your motorhome is fitted with a
freshwater tank level monitor hold down
the monitor switch to indicate remaining
capacity to fill your freshwater tank
insert the supplied hose into the
fill-up point on the sidewall of your
camper be careful not to leave the hose
running unattended or you may over fill
the tank which can cause damage to the
freshwater system remember to disconnect
all hoses before moving the vehicle to
use water from the water tank simply
turn on the water pump at the main
switchboard we recommend you boil water
from the water tank before consuming it
the water heating system is ignited by
electricity and fueled by LPG to heat
water first make sure that nothing is
covering the water heater exhaust
located on the side of the vehicle then
check that the water tank is full turn
on the main gas valve followed by the
water pump at the main switchboard turn
on the kitchen tap until no air comes
out it is very important to take the
step to avoid damage to the hot water
system then turn on the water heater at
the main switchboard to start heating
water your motorhome features a shower
compartment the shower uses hot and cold
water from the freshwater tank ensure
you have enough water in the freshwater
tank and that the water heating system
process has been completed check that
the toilet cavity is open by pulling the
lever to the rear left of the toilet
bowl some toilet bowls will swivel for
ease of use make sure that the water
pump is switched on prior to use to
flush simply press the button on the
toilet system always close the toilet
cavity after use the waste from the
toilet is collected in the toilet
cassette which is accessed through an
exterior hatch to empty firstly ensure
the toilet cavity is closed release the
brake and slide the cassette out use the
spout to expel the contents that should
be dumped in a toilet or an approved
waste disposal point handles are
conveniently located on the cassette to
help carry the tank rinse the interior
and exterior of the cassette prior to
recharge in your toilet cassette with
the chemicals that deodorize and
breakdown solids
please refer to the instructions on the
chemicals packaging for more details
waste water from the sink and shower
recess is directed into the gray water
tank there is a level indicator on the
control panel waste water should only be
dumped at authorized disposal sites
usually operated by local governments or
camping grounds
to drain the gray water tank connect the
grey water hose to the grey water pipe
make sure the other end is securely in
the dump station open the large drain
valve so that it is parallel with the
pipe place the hook of the awning winder
arm into the socket and unwind until the
awning is accessible pull the awning arm
towards the elbow so that it creates a
90 degree angle and swing the arm down
place the base into the socket and close
it you will need to do the same for the
other side of the awning if your vehicle
has a rafter place it on the rafter
attachment under the awning for further
support then pull the awning to the
desired height and lock all of the tabs
make sure you stow away your awning when
you leave your campsite and each night
before bed to avoid weather damage your
vehicle's fuel gauge displays
approximately how much fuel is in the
tank when the key is in the on position
a warning light will appear when your
camper has reached a critical fuel level
the ignition should be turned to the off
position while the vehicle is being
refueled regularly check your engine oil
brake fluids transmission oil and tire
pressure if you think your transmission
oil or brake fluids need attention
please contact our customer service
center on the number found on your key
tag if you are involved in an accident
please call the customer service
department immediately and provide all
the details including location police
report injuries and any other
information requested by the
representative you will also need to
complete the collision report form found
in your glovebox the customer service
phone number is located on your vehicle
key tag
a spare tire is in your motorhome
however for your own safety we do not
recommend that you change the tire
yourself in the event of any tire damage
please contact a Paulo's customer
service center after you've enjoyed your
self-drive adventure please return the
vehicle on the contracted date and time
if you wish to amend the drop-off time
or date contact apollo reservations on a
free call number before you return your
vehicle remember to remove all food
items from the fridge the vehicle must
be returned in the same condition as it
when it left so please make sure or
cutlery crockery cooking utensils and
equipment are clean and packed away
remove all contaminants and food from
storage cupboards and vents shut off the
LPG bottles and the mains power supply
lastly ensure the vehicle has been
returned with a full tank of fuel unless
you have purchased prepaid fuel above
all take a little extra care and you
will enjoy a safe and happy Apollo
holiday you are entitled to discounts at
various caravan parks and activities
throughout the country
check your Apollo welcome pack for more
information
you